Part 2 ‐ Experiment and metrics design
The neighboring cities of Gotham and Metropolis have complementary circadian rhythms: on
weekdays, Ultimate Gotham is most active at night, and Ultimate Metropolis is most active
during the day. On weekends, there is reasonable activity in both cities.
However, a toll bridge, with a two way toll, between the two cities causes driver partners to tend
to be exclusive to each city. The Ultimate managers of city operations for the two cities have
proposed an experiment to encourage driver partners to be available in both cities, by
reimbursing all toll costs.

1) What would you choose as the key measure of success of this experiment in
encouraging driver partners to serve both cities, and why would you choose this metric?

    The goal of the city is to encourage driving services to be available in both cities. I believe that the weekends would be the best days to check for significance as there is reasonable activity in both cities. If we measure the weekdays, we might find that the complementary circadian rhythm means that drivers of each city would hardly have any customers that need to cross the bridge. However on the weekends, each city has reasonable amount of activity, there would be more customers that want to cross the bridge. 
    
    Therefore a key measure of success is the number of trips that drivers complete that cross the bridge on the weekends. We have the data of the amount of trips that cross the bridge before the experiment. If we can prove that the change is statistically significant, then the experiment will be a success. In this experiment, the city might also have an additional constraint on success. They are hoping the number of trips that cross the bridge increases by 20% after implementing the new toll policy. 

2) Describe a practical experiment you would design to compare the effectiveness of the
proposed change in relation to the key measure of success. Please provide details on:

a) how you will implement the experiment

    

b) what statistical test(s) you will conduct to verify the significance of the
observation

c) how you would interpret the results and provide recommendations to the city
operations team along with any caveats.


